Update to use Auth0 Actions (#1227)
jhipster/jhipster.github.io: pages/security.md

    - NOTE: If you're using the JHipster Registry, add URLs for port 8761 too.
- Navigate to **User Management** > **Roles** and create new roles named `ROLE_ADMIN`, and `ROLE_USER`.
- Navigate to **User Management** > **Users** and create a new user account. Click on the **Role** tab to assign roles to the newly created user account.

> - Navigate to **Actions** > **Flows** and select **Login**. Create a new action with an `Add Roles` name and the default trigger and runtime. Change the `onExecutePostLogin` handler to be as follows:

Author: ```suggestion
- Navigate to **Actions** > **Flows** and select **Login**. Create a new action named `Add Roles` and use the default trigger and runtime. Change the `onExecutePostLogin` handler to be as follows:
```

  ```js
  exports.onExecutePostLogin = async (event, api) => {
    const namespace = 'https://www.jhipster.tech';

>     if (event.authorization) {
>       api.idToken.setCustomClaim(`${namespace}/roles`, event.authorization.roles);

Author: ```suggestion
    if (event.authorization) {
      api.idToken.setCustomClaim("preferred_username", event.user.email);
      api.idToken.setCustomClaim(`${namespace}/roles`, event.authorization.roles);
```

      api.accessToken.setCustomClaim(`${namespace}/roles`, event.authorization.roles);
    }
  }
  ```

> - Select **Deploy** and add the `Add Roles` action to your Login flow.

Author: ```suggestion
- Select **Deploy** and drag the `Add Roles` action to your Login flow.
```

    - NOTE: If you're using the JHipster Registry, add URLs for port 8761 too.
- Navigate to **User Management** > **Roles** and create new roles named `ROLE_ADMIN`, and `ROLE_USER`.
- Navigate to **User Management** > **Users** and create a new user account. Click on the **Role** tab to assign roles to the newly created user account.
- Navigate to **Actions** > **Flows** and select **Login**. Create a new action named `Add Roles` and use the default trigger and runtime. Change the `onExecutePostLogin` handler to be as follows:

  ```js
  exports.onExecutePostLogin = async (event, api) => {
    const namespace = 'https://www.jhipster.tech';
    if (event.authorization) {

>       api.idToken.setCustomClaim("preferred_username", event.user.email);

Author: ```suggestion
      api.idToken.setCustomClaim('preferred_username', event.user.email);
```
